Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Hey, why are you so sad that seem like a dumpling in the afternoon?
How can I be happy? My angel has got a boyfriend already.
What? How can you know it?
Yesterday, I saw...
Introduce to Khoi, this is Thao's boyfriend.
A girl who goes out at this time, needs to take her boyfriend along.
Is it right, Oppa?
It's because of you, you message to me all day. It's annoying.
So I let my boyfriend here today to tell you that
I has got a boyfriend already
And do you know who her lover is?
Who?
The guy in music club - Lam
Lam?
I think... It's not like what you think
Why not? It's all clear.
Dang...
Your debt department is coming, wish you survive
Do you know what the date today is?
Today is Tuesday?
Who don't know today is Tuesday? We are going to the cinema tonight.
Do you forget it?
No, I don't.
But if I forget it, you will remind me, for sure.
So let's watch a movie tonight.
Uh uh. But now I have to come back my class, I haven't written the lessons.
Ah, I buy you this one.
Uh, thank you.
Episode 5: The boy sitting next to me
I'm sorry. Let me gather them.
Let me hold them | Thank you so much.
You're welcome
Let, let me... | No, let me hold for you, it's too heavy
Uh, thank you very much | It seems like...
You are in 11a2 class, right?
Yes, how can you know it?
Cuz I had seen you there for sometimes.
How about you? What's you name? Which class are you in?
I'm Minh Lam, 11D
And I am... | Thanh Hoa
Ah, don't be surprised, because I see you name on the book.
Alright, let's back to class
Damn it... Maybe I need to hit him.
Yesterday, he was the boyfriend of my angel
But today he flirts another girl.
Calm down. Everything will be ok
I will follow this thing.
Hey, guy
What did you say?
Hey...
Quan, next time, you should put down half of a tone at this dialogue
Ok everyone, it's all today
Ok, I have some sudden works, I go first
Remember to close the club's  door for me.
You are going to have a meeting with us, Dung
Hey, hey... What kind of your riding?
Hello boy, where do you still go this time?
Wherever I go, it's not your turn to care.
But seem like... you are perverted, right?
Every time I go out, you all appear here. Why?
You seem very like reading novels, right? Too imaginative!
Ah, but a young boy need to go to bed early.
Why do you keep calling me as "boy"? As if you was very older than me...
Well... I go... dating
Any problems? No? bye bye
You  are go to date? Wish you have a happy dating
Later, happy dating.
Teacher... Eating can also be called as fining?
Well, you go to have dinner with me, don't let me go alone, it's also a favor.
Let's eat this one, it's too delicious
You eat first...
Relax...
I'm only like your brother
See me as your brother, eat it.
I'm sorry, I have a phone call
Alo, what's up?
Where are you now?
I... I'm sorry
I have a sudden work, I forget it.
I'm sorry, sorry too much
What is sorry? I'm at the theater now.
And I need to come back?
Gosh!
I'm busy and forget it.
I will pay your ticket next time
If you said that you would paid my ticket, it's would be easy to hear.
Hey, don't fish in the troubled water!
It's ok, I will block you on facebook,
We are no longer friends together.
Like a kid... ok ok
I'm wrong, I'm stupid, and I need to bear.
Keep seeing, I will pay you back tomorrow.
By the way, please pay me the popcorn and drink
The more you have the more you want?
I need to say that
First case is you don't accepts, you won't get anything
Or else, I will pay your ticket
Choose it!
If not, it's up to you. Why soo serious?
Ok, bye | Ok, that's all
I will pay all the left part after acting
I will do what I say
You are too brave not like your appearance
They are the people who make the event first
But what is the interesting in hitting together?
We need to do that, therefore they won't slight our troupe
Hello boy...
What a extremely cold cinema!
The chair is too small too...
If I knew, I would buy the couple position instead.
Hey, if you want, go and buy yourself
You have money for seeing the movie, why don't you know how to buy it?
It's mine
But... This's called as "dating"?
Dating with the loneliness
Leave me alone, I go with the air, ok?
Honey, do you wanna eat? no? So I will eat